 Experiment 1: Design and implementation of search algorithm 【 Experimental project name 】 Design and implementation of search algorithm 【 Experimental Purpose 】 Master the configuration of Python programming environment. Master the basic syntax of the Python programming language. Through programming to implement classic search algorithms, including depth-first and breadth-first search algorithms, deepen the understanding of artificial intelligence algorithms. 【 Experimental principle 】 Python's Numpy syntax The making of graph theoretic datasets Depth-first search algorithm principle Breadth-first search algorithm principle 【 Experimental requirements 】 Clearly state the configuration process of the Python programming environment. Include Anaconda, Pycharm, and the corresponding library installation. Specify the Numpy grammar learning process, including experimental code and results display. Explain the principles of breadth-first and depth-first search algorithms. The code of graph theory data set construction, breadth-first and depth-first search algorithm. Write the code steps and show the results. Wuhan Institute of Technology International College "Introduction to Artificial Intelligence" Experiment report Professional Classes Lab time Student number Location of the experiment Student name Faculty advisor Yellow Blue Lab projects Design and implementation of search algorithm Experiment Category Designability Lab hours 4 Purpose and requirements of the experiment Purpose of the experiment : 1. Master the configuration of Python programming environment and the basic syntax of Python 2. Realize classical search algorithms through programming, including depth-first and breadth-first search algorithms, and deepen the understanding of artificial intelligence algorithms. Experimental requirements : Clearly state the configuration process of the Python programming environment. Include Anaconda, Pycharm, and the corresponding library installation. Specify the Numpy grammar learning process, including experimental code and results display. Explain the principles of breadth-first and depth-first search algorithms. Realize the construction of graph theory data set, the code of width first and depth first search algorithm. Write the code steps and show the results. An achievement review sheet Class Scoring criteria Scoring Values Points scored Combined score Computer performance Show up on time and be disciplined Complete all experiments carefully 30 points Quality of report Program code standard, function correct Fill in the content complete, reflect the harvest 70 points Instructions: Evaluation Teacher: Date: Month, 2023 The experimental report gives the content elements in the following order: Procedure flow chart Experimental results and analysis diagram The configuration process of Python programming environment. Including Pycharm and corresponding algorithm library installation. Python Numpy syntax learning process, including experimental code and results show. Explain the principles of breadth-first and depth-first search algorithms. The code of graph theory data set construction, breadth-first and depth-first search algorithm. Write the code steps and show the results. Compare the results of different search algorithms. Source code and necessary comments Experimental summary and experience Note: The experiment report is required to be completed independently, and students are allowed to discuss with each other, but plagiarism is absolutely not allowed. Once found, this experiment is recorded as 0 points. 